c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\bin\Debug\CityAirport.exe.config
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\bin\Debug\CityAirport.exe
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\bin\Debug\CityAirport.pdb
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.Form1.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormReservations.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.exe
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.pdb
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormAirlines.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormAirplanes.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormFlights.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormPassengers.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormSeats.resources
c:\users\eugene\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormBuy.resources
C:\Users\Eugene\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormAddBuy.resources
C:\Users\Eugene\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormAirlinesAdd.resources
C:\Users\Eugene\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Eugene\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Eugene\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormLog_in.resources
C:\Users\Eugene\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\CityAirport\CityAirport\obj\Debug\CityAirport.FormSign_up.resources
